# SOP-AIC-Recruitment

I had been having keen interest in entrepreneurship since i discovered how it was possible for me to make my own websites through code when i was in tenth grade. In my first year of college, my college and the breakthroughs in AI world inspired to aim for big and I got too much interested in AI Technology. My curiousity drove me into the infinite world of debugging but it is all worth it. I discovered local LLMs (my counter-attack for token limits), fasinated by Image generation through stable diffusion on my local machine (my retortion for poverty) and more importantly it is all uncensored ~~so i don't have to go web for some pleasure.~~ I takes a lot to debug but while doing these, i made many discoveries like CUDA or various tools like comfy UI use or gambling VRAM in BIOS and much more. I created my first AI generated 45 second video on my local machine in the back benches of my DIC lecture. Then i took a course to learn about training model and fundamentals of AI ML technology, etc all in my leasure time in first year. I even made a pdf-to-lecture tool using text-to-text and text-to-speech for education of blinds. But I won't stop there. I want to learn so much more in the field and I'm super exited about it. My goals in joining AI Community IITB is solely to work with people with similar interest. I want to participate in AI hackathons with great Driven by lots and lots of enthusiasm, I want to make valuable products which could solve real world challenges and indeed I see so many things broken. 
